liweg, liweg, a light weight graphical machine language

   The liweg programming language is a structured assembler language
   with a C style syntax.  This syntax is a subset of C that supports
   the assembly of source code into target code, as well as a source
   code editor's C syntax formatting and highlighting.

   Liweg programs disassemble into code that has a high fidelity to
   the original source code.  This feature is very important to the
   objective application domain of liweg, and permits a single object
   file to perform the role of a canonical program representation.  In
   the design objective domain, an end user target is programmed with
   a binary code file from any virtual, versioned, or unversioned file
   system.  Disassembly into a proper human computer interface permits
   the application programming target to have a meaningful role in the
   end user's interactive programming processes.  For example, an end
   user may iterate a program through a work process that is focused
   on the objectives of his or her work, and then save or backup
   program binaries downloaded from working systems.  Likewise, a
   working system is the source for programming iterations on its
   functions.

   The following example introduces a number of the principles and
   features of liweg.

      liweg display(){
          blit( 0, 0, register_x, register);
      }

      liweg main(){
          framebuffers(1);
          data cc uint;
          array glyph8 type:4 8;
          glyph8 = {
              0b0110,
              0b1001,
              0b1001,
              0b1001,
              0b1001,
              0b1001,
              0b1001,
              0b0110
          };

          eval(glyph8, display);

          show(0);
      }

   C style functions are liweg programs.  Liweg programs have a large
   number of input registers, and so they are declared without an
   equivalent set of arguments.  Liweg program registers are described
   in source code as "data", "array" or "table", and are available
